Recording a slide show? Want to Cosplay? Plan to animate a cartoon? Shoot a video? Awesome sauce! Think outside of the box and let those creative juices flow.

You may use ANY recorded media methodology to create your video presentation. Power Point has a recording mode for audio and visual, but you may use ANY method you chose. Add clips of interviews, research, etc. but do not let any added recorded content be greater than your own. I want to see YOUR creative side, not that of someone else.

Your presentation:

should be 1-3 minutes in length: You will not be penalized over the time limit (within reason) but try not to go too under.
should be uploaded: you MUST upload the media through Canvas and embed the media into the assignment when turned in so your fellow students can see/watch/listen and comment on your presentation. Ina T can show you how to accomplish this if you are unfamiliar with uploading media.
should have citations: listed as end "credits" in the presentation OR uploaded with the assignment as a separate document. Your fellow students should be able to see where you found your information.
will be graded: this presentation will be graded with a rubric. Follow the rubric guidelines to present a finished product.
Keep In Mind

Eight areas to score; each on a 4-point scale for a total of 32 points:

                4 – Expert (A)

                3 – Proficient (B)

                2 – Basic (C)

                1 – Novice (D)

                0 – Unacceptable (F)

Areas under Consideration:

Focus and Organization – Is the purpose of the presentation immediately clear? Are key ideas easy to pick out?  Does the presentation follow a logical organization?  Do ideas flow smoothly from one to the next?
Biography and Context of Scientist – Is there a short but complete biography of the scientist and the under-represented group clearly expressed? Is it clear what is the major accomplishment(s) from this scientist? 
Significance of the research– Are the research areas and conclusions drawn from them by the scientist clear? Is the larger scientific significance addressed? The “why” the research matters.
Accuracy of content – Is the information presented accurate? Does the presentation reflect sound use of knowledge gained in both the student’s research and in the critical analyses of sources?
Creativity – Are creative or novel means used to present the information to the audience?
Professionalism – Is the language used at a suitable level, with no spelling/grammar errors on the slides? Are the presenters making “eye contact” with the audience, not just reading off the slides or notes, and creating a rapport with the audience? This is only relevant if the presenter is in view of the audience. Is the presentation of the correct length?
Sources – Are there a minimum of five (5) sources? Are sources appropriate, and do they reflect an adequate depth of research? Are the citations provided complete? A quick listing of the sources you used to make your presentation is required.  If you use media not of your own creation, you MUST cite this at the end of your presentation as well.
Comments - Students should make at minimum TWO constructive comments on two fellow students' presentations (at least one per presentation). This IS part of your total presentation grade. Did the comments show a depth of understanding of the scientist? Are student comments fostering an environment of learning? Were the comments defamatory in any fashion to the group represented by the scientist